Project Composition (#1584)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/connectivity-overview.adoc

== Add a connector

[NOTE]
====

> Make sure you have added connectors in project in the Extension view.

Reviewer: I suggest to give more details here, this sentence is not clear IMHO.

```suggestion
To use connectors in your processes, you first need to import the corresponding extensions from the xref:managing_extension_studio.adoc[extension view].
```
